### 👀 GENERAL OVERVIEW
Minor release with notification framework and continous collection enhancements, improved schemas and SAR deployment fixes. 
####  Bundled components:
*  Core: v2.1.0
*  Portal: v2.0.0
*  PortalAccess: v1.0.2

### ✨ NEW FEATURES
Core: Continous Collection added the ablity to start / resume collection with the ToggleONOFF parameter.
Core: Notification framework limit the number of notification history item to be kepy to certain number, 30 by default. 
      More informative alert messages.
Core: Identity schema enhancements to help determine the policies associated to the identities
Core: Added Route53 resolver logs schema.
Core: Tested and enabled T4g.X RDS instance types


### 🐛 FIXED ISSUES
Core: bootstrap fix user provided parameters white space issues,
Core: init fix group deletion with no users present,
Core: identitysync fix policy changes sync inadvertently adding additional users


### 🏗️ COMPATIBILITY CHANGES


### 🚀 IMPLEMENTATION STEPS

1. Validate that DefaultDB is in a running state, if not start it. 
   <br />
2. Download the installation bundle from [Logverz Releases](https://github.com/logleads/LogverzReleases/releases), 
   input parameters description are located at [ParameterReference](https://docs.logverz.io/docs/Getting%20Started/ParameterReference)
   <br />
3. Upload the init-vX.Y.Z.zip bundle to your S3 Logverz-init-XXXX bucket "bin" folder
   <br />
4. Open AWS CloudFormation, search for main Logverz stack, click update, use current template, specify installation bundle path,
   such as bin/init-vX.Y.Z.zip, next, next, acknowledge and submit. This will update application components such as lambda's code 
   webapplication code, build a new container etc.Wait for stack update to finish. 
   <br />
5. Once stack update is complete open CloudFormation search for main Logverz stack, click update, use Replace existing template,
   for source select Amazon S3 URL, the value will be the url of the Logverz.json file located in S3 Logverz-init-XXXX bucket template folder.
   This will update all infrastructure, such as IAM permissions launch templates etc.